feat(content): Gegno - Corroboration I (#8750)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/gegno intro missions.txt

		conversation
			branch "has met gegno"
				has "Visit Quarg in Gegno Space: offered"
			branch "gegno destruction"
				or
					"reputation: Gegno Vi" >= -1000

> 					"reputation: Gegno Scin" >= -1000

Author: I was originally planning on having a second mission from "Gegno Genocide Defense" if the player had killed too many Gegno that triggers an event. This is remains from it. I'll have to decide whether or not I want to put it back in.

Yeah, the comparisons should be the other way.

			label end
			`	The Quarg motions a bow to you, and the first one from earlier escorts you out of the room. It seems associating with these so-called "Gegno" is very unlikely for you, and you will have to deal with their xenophobia for the foreseeable future.`
				decline
			
			label "gegno destruction"
			action
				"reputation: Gegno Quarg" = 0

> 			`	In progress.`

Author: See above (no).

		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter
	on enter
	on enter
		conversation
			`As you're traveling through Gegno space, a faint signal starts emanating from somewhere in your ship. You aren't sure what it is, as it doesn't appear to originate from the ship itself, so you decide to take a look. After a few minutes of searching for the culprit, you come across a device not too dissimilar from the one that the Gegno you met on Var Oti had given you, arbitrarily shoved into some corner of your ship's infrastructure. You don't know how or when it got there, but at least it wasn't something more dangerous like an explosive.`
			`	Once you retrieve the device, you notice that along with the signal it's emitting, there is some sort of map display that has several locations in the region marked in some way or another, along with various scribblings in a language you can't understand. Although it's hard to make sense of what any of it means, one particular planet displayed has several graphics around it, much more extravagant than the rest. Perhaps finding this planet will shed some light on this strange situation.`
	on enter
		system
			near "Pukako" 2
		dialog

> 			`The signal coming from the mysterious device is weak. You must be far away from the location marked on the device.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`The signal coming from the mysterious device is weak. You must be getting farther away from the location marked on the device.`
```

	on enter
		system
			near "Ptetubo" 2
		dialog

> 			`The signal coming from the mysterious device is weak. You must be far away from the location marked on the device.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`The signal coming from the mysterious device is weak. You must be getting farther away from the location marked on the device.`
```

	on enter
		system
			near "Ilirco" 1 2
		dialog

> 			`The signal coming from the mysterious device is stronger now. You seem to be getting close to the location marked on the device.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`The signal coming from the mysterious device is becoming stronger now. You seem to be getting closer to the location marked on the device.`
```

			choice
				`	(Leave the planet.)`
					goto "leave"
				`	(Wait and see what they do.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Prepare for combat.)`
			`	Engaging your weapon systems, you brace yourself for a hostile encounter as they approach. The Scin ship advances towards yours then slowly comes to a halt in front of you. They haven't fired any weapons, and they aren't displaying any aggressive behavior, so they might not be looking for conflict. Ever so slightly, the warship reverses backwards and comes to a stop. You decide to stop your ship as well, and you wonder what this is about. Once again, the Scin ship reverses, slowly drifting away from you. It appears they want you to follow them.`
				goto interaction
			
			label wait

> 			`	Bringing your ship to a hault, you decide to wait and see what the Scin ship does as it advances towards you. As it slowly approaches, it slows down and eventually stops for a brief moment. Ever so slightly, the warship then begins to reverse backwards, and continues to drift away from you while facing you. They don't seem to be cautious of you, rather, it's almost as if they're implying to follow them.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Bringing your ship to a halt, you decide to wait and see what the Scin ship does as it advances towards you. As it slowly approaches, it slows down and eventually stops for a brief moment. Ever so slightly, the warship then begins to reverse backwards, and continues to drift away from you while facing you. They don't seem to be cautious of you, rather, it's almost as if they're implying to follow them.`
```

				goto interaction

			label interaction
			choice
				`	(Follow them.)`
					goto "follow"
				`	(Leave.)`
					goto "leave"
			label "leave"
			action
				set "gegno: left scin"

> 			`	Wary of the Scin warship, you turn around and begin to ascend back into space. The Scin ship advances towards yours, but as it comes closer, it begins to take on an escort formation with you, following you as you leave the planet's atmosphere. Once you finally make it back into space, the Scin ship breaks from formation and flies away. You're unsure of what they're doing on the planet or why you've been lead to them, but it's probably better you be careful not to get involved.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Wary of the Scin warship, you turn around and begin to ascend back into space. The Scin ship advances towards yours, but as it comes closer, it begins to take on an escort formation with you, following you as you leave the planet's atmosphere. Once you finally make it back into space, the Scin ship breaks from formation and flies away. You're unsure of what they're doing on the planet or why you've been lead to them, but it's probably better for you to be careful and not get involved.`
```

			`	You take one or two steps forward but remain close by your ship, staying alert. The freighter is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost twice the size of a Behemoth. An elevator lowers from its undercarriage, and a group of Scin exit the ship, making their way towards you. Their attire is much different than that of the Vi; most of them are wearing what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath. They are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although they are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear taller than any human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing as they left the comfort of their own ship to greet you.`
			`	Stopping about four meters from you, the Scin in heavier armor drop to the ground on one knee. The one wearing a robe takes a few more steps, then sits on the ground in front you, crossing their legs.`
			choice
				`	(Sit down.)`
					goto "sit"
				`	(Reach for my pistol.)`
					goto "reach"
			label "sit"

> 			`	You also sit down, taking a good look at them. Their skin appears almost bone-like with very faint patterns of light green. Unlike the Vi, they have three small horns and barely any hair at all. They seem just as interested in your appearance, looking you up and down. Another Scin from the freighter walks over, bringing some sort of device and kneeling down next to the robed one, who takes the device and sets it down between you and them. It looks like some sort of tablet or drawing implement.`

Reviewer: The player that they wanted to sit down. 
```suggestion
			`	You sit down, taking a good look at them. Their skin appears almost bone-like with very faint patterns of light green. Unlike the Vi, they have three small horns and barely any hair at all. They seem just as interested in your appearance, looking you up and down. Another Scin from the freighter walks over, bringing some sort of device and kneeling down next to the robed one, who takes the device and sets it down between you and them. It looks like some sort of tablet or drawing implement.`
```

				decline

mission "Suspicious Scin"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		has "Visit Quarg in Gegno Space: offered"
		not "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter
		system
			near "Aleit" 4 100
		conversation
			action
				set "gegno: mysterious device"

> 			`As you're traveling through Gegno space, a faint signal starts emanating from somewhere in your ship. You aren't sure what it is, as it doesn't appear to originate from the ship itself, so you decide to take a look. After a few minutes of searching for the culprit, you come across a device not too dissimilar from the one that the Gegno you met on Var Oti had given you, arbitrarily shoved into some corner of your ship's infrastructure. You don't know how or when it got there, but at least it wasn't something more dangerous like an explosive.`

Author: I don't really think that to be the case. The player wouldn't know what a strange signal in the ship is if they've never seen it before - it's not a matter of thinking about it, it's a fact that they don't know what it is. Telling them what they think would be more something like, "You don't like it because you don't know it", or, "You are interested in it", etc..

				decline

			label "follow"
			action
				set "scin: approached epidote"
			`	You inch your ship forward in acknowledgment. All of a sudden, the second warship on the ground lifts off and forms up behind you, while one in front of you turns around then begins to fly off into the distance. You follow them, curious of where they might be leading you. To your rear, the remaining shuttle takes off, but instead of following you, it heads off into the atmosphere above.`
			`	Although this planet initially appeared dull due to the several layers of thick clouds, the surface shows occasional signs of life such as plains of grass or occasional dried-up riverbeds, while patches of low fog cover various other locations. As the flight continues, the two Scin ships slowly start to move around so that one is on either side of you. Up ahead in the distance, a large structure comes into view from behind another wall of fog. After getting a bit closer to it, you make out the familiar green colors of the ships flying with you now. The two warships begin to descend towards what you assume to be a sizable Scin freighter sitting in a large open area of sand.`

> 			`	Your previous encounter with a Vi warrior was chaotic and unpredictable, so it might be best to be extra cautious in this situation. As you set your ship down near the vessel, the two warships that guided you here also land nearby and power down. Other than the Gegno ships in front of you, there doesn't seem to be any strange activity on your radar at the moment. Environmental readings of the outside surprisingly indicate conditions safe for a human, but it's better to be safe than sorry. You equip your environment suit and your pistol just in case.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Your previous encounter with a Vi warrior was chaotic and unpredictable, so you are careful to land slowly and cautiously. As you set the <ship> down near the shuttle, the two warships that guided you here also land nearby and power down. Other than the Gegno ships in front of you, there doesn't seem to be any strange activity on your radar at the moment. Environmental readings of the outside surprisingly indicate conditions safe for a human, but it's better to be safe than sorry. You equip your environment suit and your pistol just in case.`
```

Author: This is actually more of an example of telling the player what to think than the above. The text is being suggestive, while your example is telling the player they are careful and intentionally landing slowly and cautiously. I believe the current text to be fine.

			choice
				`	(Approach the Scin.)`
					goto "approach"
				`	(Stay by your ship.)`
			`	You take one or two steps forward but remain close by your ship, staying alert. The freighter is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. An elevator lowers from its undercarriage, and a group of Scin exit the ship, making their way towards you. Their attire is much different than that of the Vi; most of them are wearing what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although they are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than any human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing as they left the comfort of their own ship to greet you.`

> 			`	Stopping within about 4 meters from you, the Scin in heavier armor drop to the ground on one knee. The one in the robe takes a few more steps, then sits on the ground in front you, crossing their legs.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Stopping about four meters from you, the Scin in heavier armor drop to the ground on one knee. The one wearing a robe takes a few more steps, then sits on the ground in front you, crossing their legs.`
```

			`	You return to your own ship after the bewildering encounter, wondering how to make sense of it, and the Scin do not follow you any further.`
				decline

			label "imagery"
			`	Turning the device back around, the Scin types some sort of note on it then clears the display. They then begin to draw some sort of picture with one of their fingers. The finished image appears to be a portrait of themselves. "Dueyu Scin," they speak in a low tone. Clearing the image, they draw something that looks like you, albeit a bit out of proportion, then await some sort of answer.`
			choice
				`	"Dueyu human..?"`
				`	"I am human."`
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto "quiet"
			`	The Scin looks at you in what you guess to be fascination. They grab the device and draw yet another picture. After setting it down, you recognize the familiar image of a Gegno Vi warrior.`
			choice
				`	"Gegno Vi?"`
				`	"Dueyu Vi?"`
			action
				set "scin: imagery"

> 			`	Looking at you a bit confused, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld, and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After they turn it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vi," the Scin says, pointing to the brown. "Scin," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Looking at you confusedly, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld, and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After they turn it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vi," the Scin says, pointing to the brown. "Scin," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`
```

Author: The original here seems fine. Confusedly reads very odd.

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "images"
			`	Turning the device back around, the Scin types some sort of note on it then clears the display. They then begin to draw some sort of picture with one of their fingers. The finished image appears to be a portrait of themselves. "Dueyu Scin," they speak in a low tone. Clearing the image, they draw something that looks like you, albeit a bit out of proportion, then await some sort of answer.`
			choice
				`	"Dueyu human..?"`
				`	"I am human."`
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto "silence"
			`	The Scin looks at you in what you guess to be fascination. They grab the device and draw yet another picture. After setting it down, you recognize the familiar image of a Gegno Vi warrior.`
			choice
				`	"Gegno Vi?"`
				`	"Dueyu Vi?"`
			action
				set "scin: imagery"

> 			`	Looking at you a bit confused, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vie," the Scin enunciates, pointing to the brown. "Sinn," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Looking at you confusedly, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vie," the Scin enunciates, pointing to the brown. "Scin," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`
```

As above. Also, a typo for "Sinn"?

Reviewer 3: Not a typo. It's phonetic spelling. Same as `Vie` in the previous sentence. That's the reason for the use of `enunciates`.

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "pistol"
			action
				set "scin: provocative"
			`	The situation you find yourself in is rather precarious - inside an alien species' vessel, strange devices - anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

> 			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and, along the way, several more Scin stand guard in the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they had chosen to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

Reviewer 3: I don't think that first comma addition is correct. The rest is an improvement on the previous wording.

				decline

> mission "Suspicious Scin"

Reviewer 4: Should there be an option to decline this mission? It feels to me that the `dialog`s when entering systems could get annoying for uninterested players. Have you thought about whether you want to rely on just the abort button and not offer a `decline` here?

	invisible
	landing
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		has "Visit Quarg in Gegno Space: offered"
		not "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter
		system
			near "Aleit" 4 100
		conversation
			action
				set "gegno: mysterious device"
			`As you're traveling through Gegno space, a faint signal starts emanating from somewhere in your ship. You aren't sure what it is, as it doesn't appear to originate from the ship itself, so you decide to take a look. After a few minutes of searching for the culprit, you come across a device not too dissimilar from the one that the Gegno you met on Var Oti had given you, arbitrarily shoved into some corner of your ship's infrastructure. You don't know how or when it got there, but at least it wasn't something more dangerous like an explosive.`

> 			`	Once you retrieve the device, you notice that alongside with the signal it's emitting, there is some sort of map display that has several locations in the region marked in some way or another, along with various scribblings in a language you can't understand. Although it's hard to make sense of what any of it means, one particular planet displayed has several graphics around it, much more extravagant than the rest. Perhaps finding this planet will shed some light on this strange situation.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Once you retrieve the device, you notice that along with the signal it's emitting, there is some sort of map display that has several locations in the region marked in some way or another, along with various scribblings in a language you can't understand. Although it's hard to make sense of what any of it means, one particular planet displayed has several graphics around it, much more extravagant than the rest. Perhaps finding this planet will shed some light on this strange situation.`
```
You could also do `that alongside the signal` or `that with the signal`. Up to you!

	on enter
		system
			near "Pukako" 2
		dialog
			`The signal coming from the mysterious device is weak. You must be far away from the location marked on the device.`
				to display

> 					has "gegno: mysterious device"

Author: Kept the to display based on the below comment.

> 					has "gegno: mysterious device"

Author: Removed them because they don't do anything actually.

	on complete
		clear "gegno: mysterious device"

	npc
		government "Gegno Scin (Neutral)"
		personality launching mute uninterested
		system "Aleit"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Mica"
	npc
		government "Gegno Scin (Neutral)"
		personality launching staying mute uninterested
		system "Ilirco"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Tridymite"

mission "First Contact: Gegno Scin"
	landing
	source "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		has "Suspicious Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You make your descent to the surface of this world, going through several thick layers of clouds. Once you break though them and prepare to land, you notice what appear to be a few Gegno Scin ships grounded nearby, easily distinguished by their various green color patterns. Two of them look like military vessels you've seen in nearby systems, while a third one between them is a small shuttlecraft. It's almost as if they were expecting you, as before you continue further, one of the warships begins to lift off the ground and head in your direction.`
			choice
				`	(Leave the planet.)`

> 					goto "leave"

Author: I figured we'd do that since common practice is to quote user-defined data, but yeah I can remove them for the single words.

			choice
				`	(Sit down.)`
					goto "sit"
				`	(Reach for your pistol.)`
					goto "reach"
			label "sit"
			`	You also sit down, taking a good look at them. Their skin appears almost bone-like with very faint patterns of light green. Unlike the Vi, they have three small horns and barely any hair at all. They seem just as interested in your appearance, looking you up and down. Another Scin from the freighter walks over, bringing some sort of device and kneeling down next to the robed one, who takes the device and sets it down between you and them. It looks like some sort of tablet or drawing implement.`
			`	The Scin then reaches their palm out and makes a mark on one half of the display, then turns it to you.`
			choice
				`	(Place your hand on the device.)`
				`	(Do nothing.)`
					goto "imagery"
			`	Placing your own palm on the device, you feel it vibrate a little. A detailed wireframe of your hand appears on the other half of the device. The Scin moves the device aside, then extends one arm out showing the top of their hand.`
			choice
				`	(Extend your arm as well.)`
				`	(Do nothing.)`
					goto "imagery"
			action
				set "scin: gestures"

> 			`	Reaching with your right hand, the Scin leans forward and carefully examines it, then makes another note on their device. After writing down a few more things, they get up from the ground and gesture strangely towards you, crossing their arms together in a plus-shaped fashion towards their left. The other heavier-armored Scin rise from their stances and begin heading back to their ships, and the one in front of you follows behind them.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Reaching with your right hand, the Scin leans forward and carefully examines it, then makes another note on their device. After writing down a few more things, they get up from the ground and gesture strangely towards you, crossing their arms together to form a plus sign toward their left. The other heavier-armored Scin rise from their stances and begin heading back to their ships, and the one in front of you follows behind them.`
```

			`	You return to your ship and take off from the planet, but the Scin do not follow you any further.`
				decline
				
			label "no thoughts"
				`	The Scin stares at you for an uncomfortable length of time, then sighs. They reach into their armor and pull out a small firearm, raising it at you.`
			choice
				`	(Reach for your firearm.)`
				`	(Raise your arms.)`
			action
				set "scin: provocative"
			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck and a bunch of sand flying past you. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then gets up and starts heading back to their ship. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions for you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

> 			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. Once you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. When you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

				flee
			
			label "reach"
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`	It is rather alarming that the Scin are comfortable in approaching you casually, and considering how the encounter with the Vi went, anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you feel is a curved blade around your neck, and a wave of sand flying past you. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions for you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	It is rather alarming that the Scin are comfortable in approaching you casually, and considering how the encounter with the Vi went, anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you feel is a curved blade around your neck and a wave of sand flying past you. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions for you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
```

> 			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. Once you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

Author: Ditto.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. When you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. When you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

				flee

			label "approach"
			action
				set "scin: entered epidote"
			`	Walking towards the Scin, you notice the freighter is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. As you approach it, an elevator lowers from its undercarriage, and a group of Scin await your arrival. Their attire is much different than that of the Vi; most of them wear what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although none of them are anywhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than any human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing as they are comfortable with you being near their ship.`

> 			`	Once you're at the elevator, the Scin in heavier armor escort you onboard, and the elevator lifts back into the ship, leading into some sort of spacious internal bay. The Scin in the robe walks off nearby and grabs some sort of device, moving it over to where you stand, and gestures for you to join them.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Once you're at the elevator, the Scin in heavier armor escort you onboard. The elevator lifts back into the ship, leading into some sort of spacious internal bay. The Scin in the robe walks off nearby and grabs some sort of device, moving it over to where you stand, and gestures for you to join them.`
```

			choice
				`	(Join them.)`
				`	(Reach for your pistol.)`
					goto "pistol"
			`	You walk over to the device, getting a good look at the robed Scin. Their skin appears almost bone-like with very faint patterns of light green. Unlike the Vi, they have three small horns and barely any hair at all. They seem just as interested in your appearance, looking you up and down. After messing with the device a bit more, the Scin reveals some sort of tablet or drawing implement.`
			`	The Scin then reaches their palm out and makes a mark on one half of the display, then turns it to you.`
			choice
				`	(Place your hand on the device.)`
				`	(Do nothing.)`
					goto "images"
			`	Placing your own palm on the device, you feel it vibrate a little. A detailed wireframe of your hand appears on the other half of the device. The Scin moves the device aside, then extends one arm out showing the top of their hand.`
			choice
				`	(Extend your arm as well.)`
				`	(Do nothing.)`
					goto "images"
			action
				set "scin: gestures"

> 			`	As you reach out with your right hand, the Scin leans forward and carefully examines it, then makes another note on their device. After writing down a few more things, they turn to you and gesture strangely, crossing their arms together in a plus-shaped fashion towards their left. The other heavier-armored Scin move closer and escort you back to the elevator and to your ship, but along the way, you notice a few Scin you haven't previously seen. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-like blade weapons.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	As you reach out with your right hand, the Scin leans forward and carefully examines it, then makes another note on their device. After writing down a few more things, they turn to you and gesture strangely, crossing their arms together in a plus-shaped fashion towards their left. The other heavier-armored Scin move closer and escort you back to the elevator and to your ship. Along the way, you notice a few Scin you didn't previously see. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-like blade weapons.`
```

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "images"
			`	Turning the device back around, the Scin types some sort of note on it then clears the display. They then begin to draw some sort of picture with one of their fingers. The finished image appears to be a portrait of themselves. "Dueyu Scin," they speak in a low tone. Clearing the image, they draw something that looks like you, albeit a bit out of proportion, then await some sort of answer.`
			choice
				`	"Dueyu human..?"`
				`	"I am human."`
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto "silence"
			`	The Scin looks at you in what you guess to be fascination. They grab the device and draw yet another picture. After setting it down, you recognize the familiar image of a Gegno Vi warrior.`
			choice
				`	"Gegno Vi?"`
				`	"Dueyu Vi?"`
			action
				set "scin: imagery"

> 			`	Looking at you a bit confused, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vie," the Scin enunciates, pointing to the brown. "Sinn," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Looking at you with a confused expression, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vie," the Scin enunciates, pointing to the brown. "Sinn," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`
```

> 			`	Once they mark down a few more notes, they lower their head, and the other Scin usher you back to the elevator, activating it to lower you back to the surface. You're escorted back to your ship, and along the way are a few Scin you haven't seen yet. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-like blade weapons.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Once they mark down a few more notes, they lower their head, and the other Scin usher you back to the elevator, activating it to lower you back to the surface. You're escorted back to your ship, and along the way are a few Scin you didn't previously see. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-like blade weapons.`
```

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "pistol"
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`	The situation you find yourself in is rather precarious - inside an alien species' vessel, strange devices - anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	The situation you find yourself in is rather precarious - inside an alien species' vessel, surrounded by strange devices - anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you feel is a curved blade around your neck. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you didn't see previously. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
```

> 			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard in the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they had chosen to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard in the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Once you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they had chosen to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

Author: Here as well.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard in the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. When you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they had chosen to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

				flee
			
			label "silence"
				`	The Scin stares at you for an uncomfortable length of time, then sighs. They reach into their armor and pull out a small firearm, raising it at you.`
			choice
				`	(Reach for your firearm.)`
				`	(Raise your arms.)`
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then leaves the scene, heading deeper into the vessel. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you feel is a curved blade around your neck. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then leaves the scene, heading deeper into the vessel. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
```

> 			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Once you get a better look at it, you realized that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

Author: Same.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. When you get a better look at it, you realize that the blade is shaped like a sickle as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

				flee

mission "Scin Intro Warships"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		or
			has "Giaru Gegno: Quarg Contact: offered"
			has "Giaru Gegno: Revisit: offered"
	npc
		to spawn
			not "scin: gestures"
			not "scin: provocative"
		government "Gegno Scin"
		personality launching uninterested
		system "Ilirco"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 2
	on enter
		fail

mission "Scin Intro Warships Hostile"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		or
			has "Giaru Gegno: Quarg Contact: offered"
			has "Giaru Gegno: Revisit: offered"
	npc
		to spawn
			not "scin: gestures"
			has "scin: provocative"
		government "Gegno Scin (Combative)"
		personality launching uninterested
		system "Ilirco"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 2
	on enter
		fail

> # Debating on removing this, as it seems to be a bit too hand-holdey, and the above is already reason for the player to explore more.

Reviewer 4: I'm in favor of leaving it in, personally. I think we (as people who are quite involved with the game and have spent a lot of time playing and working on it) can pretty easily overestimate how obviously our writing can suggest player action.

For the casual player who may not know what to do, including this mission is helpful, and not including it could lead to confusion and frustration. For the experienced or more intuitive player, including this mission might not be necessary, but I doubt this would be explicitly annoying (especially since it's just a one-time reminder/indicator). This take might show my bias as a Nintendo guy (their games often have a lot of extra reminders/indicators that would be unnecessary to experienced gamers), but that's just how I'm thinking. Ultimately up to you!

mission "Gegno Exploration Nudge"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		has "Suspicious Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	to complete
		never
	on enter
		system
			near "Ilirco" 1 100

> 		fail

Author: How would it work for the device mission? Would it be an accept? If it's a fail, wouldn't the other dialogs no longer show up?

> 		fail

Reviewer 6: The same idea as in use repeated on enters to count how many times the player jumped, not same idea as in use a fail action.

			`	All of a sudden, a gust of sand rushes past from behind you, and you turn around to see three more armored Scin rising from the sand, one of them fairly close to you. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-like blade weapons. It appears the Scin had more control of the situation than you thought, and had you made the wrong choice in the encounter, it's possible you would be on the receiving end of one of those blades.`
			`	You return to your ship and take off from the planet, but the Scin do not follow you any further.`
				decline
				
			label "no thoughts"
				`	The Scin stares at you for an uncomfortable length of time, then sighs. They reach into their armor and pull out a small firearm, raising it at you.`
			choice
				`	(Reach for your firearm.)`
				`	(Raise your arms.)`
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you notice is a blade around your neck and a bunch of sand flying past you. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then gets up and starts heading back to their ship. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions for you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
> 			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from you neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is curved like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck and a bunch of sand flying past you. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then gets up and starts heading back to their ship. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions for you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```
Maintaining consistency with the other changes

				flee
			
			label "reach"
			action
				set "scin: provocative"
			`	It is rather alarming that the Scin are comfortable in approaching you casually, and considering how the encounter with the Vi went, anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck, and a bunch of sand flying past you. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions for you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

> 			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from you neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to do so. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```

				flee

			label "approach"
			action
				set "scin: entered epidote"
			`	Walking towards the Scin, you notice the freighter is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. As you approach it, an elevator lowers from its undercarriage, and a group of Scin await your arrival. Their attire is much different than that of the Vi; most of them wear what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although none of them are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than any human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing as they are comfortable with you being near their ship.`

> 			`	Once you're at the elevator, the Scin in heavier armor escort you onboard, and elevator lifts back into the ship, leading into some sort of spacious internal bay. The Scin in the robe walks off nearby and grabs some sort of device, moving it over to where you stand, and gestures for you to join them.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Once you're at the elevator, the Scin in heavier armor escort you onboard, and the elevator lifts back into the ship, leading into some sort of spacious internal bay. The Scin in the robe walks off nearby and grabs some sort of device, moving it over to where you stand, and gestures for you to join them.`
```

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "images"
			`	Turning the device back around, the Scin types some sort of note on it then clears the display. They then begin to draw some sort of picture with one of their fingers. The finished image appears to be a portrait of themselves. "Dueyu Scin," they speak in a low tone. Clearing the image, they draw something that looks like you, albeit a bit out of proportion, then await some sort of answer.`
			choice
				`	"Dueyu human..?"`
				`	"I am human."`
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto "silence"
			`	The Scin looks at you in what you guess to be fascination. They grab the device and draw yet another picture. After setting it down, you recognize the familiar image of a Gegno Vi Warrior.`
			choice
				`	"Gegno Vi?"`
				`	"Dueyu Vi?"`
			action
				set "scin: imagery"

> 			`	Looking at you a bit confused, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld, and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vie," the Scin says, pointing to the brown. "Sinn," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Looking at you a bit confused, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vie," the Scin enunciates, pointing to the brown. "Sinn," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`
```
Since this is the only instance of phonetic spellings being used, I think it makes sense to clarify that the Gegno is enunciating the words for the player's benefit. One substitution should make that clear.

				decline

			label "follow"
			`	You inch your ship forward in acknowledgment. All of a sudden, the second warship on the ground lifts off and forms up behind you, while one in front of you turns around then begins to fly off into the distance. You follow them, curious of where they might be leading you. To your rear, the remaining shuttle takes off, but instead of following you, it heads off into the atmosphere above.`
			`	Although this planet initially appeared dull due to the several layers of thick clouds, the surface shows occasional signs of life such as plains of grass or occasional dried-up riverbeds, while patches of low fog cover various other locations. As the flight continues, the two Scin ships slowly start to move around so that one is on either side of you. Up ahead in the distance, a large structure comes into view from behind another wall of fog. After getting a bit closer to it, you make out the familiar green colors of the ships flying with you now. The two warships begin to descend towards what you assume to be a sizeable Scin freighter sitting in a large open area of sand.`

> 			`	Your previous encounter with a Vi Warror was chaotic and unpredictable, so it's best to be extra cautious in this situation. As you set your ship down near the vessel, the two warships that guided you here also land nearby and power down. Other than the Gegno ships in front of you, there doesn't seem to be any strange activity on your radar at the moment. Environmental readings of the outside surprisingly indicate conditions safe for a human, but it's better to be safe than sorry. You equip your environment suit and your laser pistol just in case.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	Your previous encounter with a Vi Warror was chaotic and unpredictable, so it would be best to be extra cautious in this situation. As you set your ship down near the vessel, the two warships that guided you here also land nearby and power down. Other than the Gegno ships in front of you, there doesn't seem to be any strange activity on your radar at the moment. Environmental readings of the outside surprisingly indicate conditions safe for a human, but it's better to be safe than sorry. You equip your environment suit and your laser pistol just in case.`
```
"it might be" would also work here.

Reviewer 2: "It might be" would work well. "It would be" sounds like you're telling the player what they're thinking.

			choice
				`	(Approach the Scin.)`
					goto "approach"
				`	(Stay by your ship.)`

> 			`	You take one or two steps forward but remain close by your ship, staying alert. The freigher is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. An elevator lowers from underneath, and a group of Scin exit the ship, making their way towards you, their attire being much different than that of the Vi. Most of them are wearing what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although none of them are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than a human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing that they left the comfort of their own ship to greet you.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	You take one or two steps forward but remain close by your ship, staying alert. The freigher is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. An elevator lowers from underneath, and a group of Scin exit the ship, making their way towards you, their attire being much different than that of the Vi. Most of them are wearing what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although none of them are anywhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than a human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing that they left the comfort of their own ship to greet you.`
```
Double negative.
Alternatively, you could say "Although they are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi,"

			choice
				`	(Tilt your head to the right as well.)`
				`	(Tilt your head to the left.)`
				`	(Do nothing.)`
					goto "no thoughts"
			`	Once you tilt your head, they note down your behavior on the device. Subsequently, they get up from the ground and begin heading back to their ships. The heavier-armored Scin also raise from their stances and follow behind them.`
			`	All of a sudden, a gust of sand rushes past from behind you, and you turn around to see three more armored Scin rising from the sand, one of them fairly close to you. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-esque blade weapons. It appears the Scin had more control of the situation than you thought, and had you made the wrong choice in the encounter, it's possible you would be on the receiving end of one of those blades.`
			`	You return to your ship and take off from the planet, but the Scin do not follow you any further.`
				decline
				

> 			label "no thoughts"

Reviewer 8: I think this would just lead into `label "reach"`

				decline

			label "follow"
			action
				set "scin: approached epidote"
			`	You inch your ship forward in acknowledgment. All of a sudden, the second warship on the ground lifts off and forms up behind you, while one in front of you turns around then begins to fly off into the distance. You follow them, curious of where they might be leading you. To your rear, the remaining shuttle takes off, but instead of following you, it heads off into the atmosphere above.`
			`	Although this planet initially appeared dull due to the several layers of thick clouds, the surface shows occasional signs of life such as plains of grass or occasional dried-up riverbeds, while patches of low fog cover various other locations. As the flight continues, the two Scin ships slowly start to move around so that one is on either side of you. Up ahead in the distance, a large structure comes into view from behind another wall of fog. After getting a bit closer to it, you make out the familiar green colors of the ships flying with you now. The two warships begin to descend towards what you assume to be a sizeable Scin freighter sitting in a large open area of sand.`

> 			`	Your previous encounter with a Vi Warror was chaotic and unpredictable, so it might be best to be extra cautious in this situation. As you set your ship down near the vessel, the two warships that guided you here also land nearby and power down. Other than the Gegno ships in front of you, there doesn't seem to be any strange activity on your radar at the moment. Environmental readings of the outside surprisingly indicate conditions safe for a human, but it's better to be safe than sorry. You equip your environment suit and your laser pistol just in case.`

Author: I'll have to double-check where else it's brought up.

			choice
				`	(Approach the Scin.)`
					goto "approach"
				`	(Stay by your ship.)`

> 			`	You take one or two steps forward but remain close by your ship, staying alert. The freigher is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. An elevator lowers from underneath, and a group of Scin exit the ship, making their way towards you, their attire being much different than that of the Vi. Most of them are wearing what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although they are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than a human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing that they left the comfort of their own ship to greet you.`

Author: The only thing I disagree with here is the "average human part" - all Scin are taller than any human, average or not.

> 			`	You take one or two steps forward but remain close by your ship, staying alert. The freigher is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. An elevator lowers from underneath, and a group of Scin exit the ship, making their way towards you, their attire being much different than that of the Vi. Most of them are wearing what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although they are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than a human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing that they left the comfort of their own ship to greet you.`

Reviewer 3: Updated to say `any human`

			`	All of a sudden, a gust of sand rushes past from behind you, and you turn around to see three more armored Scin rising from the sand, one of them fairly close to you. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-esque blade weapons. It appears the Scin had more control of the situation than you thought, and had you made the wrong choice in the encounter, it's possible you would be on the receiving end of one of those blades.`
			`	You return to your ship and take off from the planet, but the Scin do not follow you any further.`
				decline
				
			label "no thoughts"
				`	The Scin stares at you for an uncomfortable length of time, then sighs. They reach into their armor and pull out a small firearm, raising it at you.`
			choice
				`	(Reach for your firearm.)`
				`	(Raise your arms.)`
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you notice is a blade around your neck, and a bunch of sand flying past you. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then gets up and and starts heading back to their ship. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

Author: I think it's fine. Expressionless is subjective, some people may take it as dimwitted, others may take it as cold, lacking emotion, etc.. It's good to have that as open to interpretation at this time.

			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from you neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is curved like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to do so. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
				flee
			
			label "reach"
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`	It is rather alarming that the Scin be comfortable in approaching you casually, and considering how the encounter with the Vi went, anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a blade around your neck, and a bunch of sand flying past you. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	It is rather alarming that the Scin are comfortable in approaching you casually, and considering how the encounter with the Vi went, anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck, and a bunch of sand flying past you. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of another Scin's face, who then motions for you to return to your ship. They follow you as you do, continuing to hold the blade to your throat. Two more Scin suddenly appear from the sand along the way, while the others you first met remain at their position. The armor of the Scin escorting you is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
```
It wouldn't make sense that a blade is `around` your neck unless you also describe it as curved in the same sentence. You could instead choose to use something like `a blade at your neck` if you prefer.

> 			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from you neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is curved like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to do so. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Once you are at your ship, they move their blade away from you neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have avoided being decapitated if they chose to do so. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```
If you accept the above suggestion for describing the blade as curved when you feel it around your neck, then you could change this to not overuse the word `curved`.

				flee

			label "approach"
			action
				set "scin: entered epidote"

> 			`	Walking towards the Scin, you notice the freigher is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. As you approach it, an elevator lowers from underneath, and a group of Scin await your arrival. Their attire is much different than that of the Vi, most of them wearing what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although none of them are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than a human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing that they are comfortable with you being near their ship.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Walking towards the Scin, you notice the freighter is indeed large - maybe four times the size of a Hauler, or almost two times the size of a Behemoth. As you approach it, an elevator lowers from its undercarriage, and a group of Scin await your arrival. Their attire is much different than that of the Vi; most of them wear what looks like segmented armor with many layers of plates, giving off the appearance of scales. One of them, however, has a much lighter armor set focused mainly around their shoulders, with orange robe-like garments underneath, and are slightly thinner than the other Scin. Although none of them are nowhere near as bulky as the Vi, they all still appear slightly taller than an average human. More importantly, they seem far more eager to interact with you, seeing as they are comfortable with you being near their ship.`
```

Author: Ditto.

Reviewer 3: Changed to `any human`

> 			`	Once you're at the elevator, the Scin in heavier armor escort you onboard, and elevator lifts back into the ship, leading into some sort of spacious internal bay. The Scin in the robe walks off nearby and grabs some sort of device, moving it over to where you stand, and gestures you to join them.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Once you're at the elevator, the Scin in heavier armor escort you onboard, and elevator lifts back into the ship, leading into some sort of spacious internal bay. The Scin in the robe walks off nearby and grabs some sort of device, moving it over to where you stand, and gestures for you to join them.`
```

			choice
				`	(Join them.)`
				`	(Reach for your pistol.)`
					goto "pistol"

> 			`	You walk over to the device, getting a good look at the robed Scin. Their skin appears almost bone-like with very faint patterns of light green. Unlike the Vi, they have three small horns and barely any hair at all. They seem just as interested in your appearance, looking you up and down. After messing with the device a bit more, the Scin reveals some sort of tablet or drawing device.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You walk over to the device, getting a good look at the robed Scin. Their skin appears almost bone-like with very faint patterns of light green. Unlike the Vi, they have three small horns and barely any hair at all. They seem just as interested in your appearance, looking you up and down. After messing with the device a bit more, the Scin reveals some sort of tablet or drawing implement.`
```
As above

> 			`	The Scin then reaches their palm out and makes a mark on one half of the display, then turns it to you.`

Reviewer 3: As above, a great place to describe how their hand is different from a human's

			choice
				`	(Place your hand on the device.)`
				`	(Do nothing.)`
					goto "images"
			`	Placing your own palm on the device, you feel it vibrate a little. A detailed wireframe of your hand appears on the other half of the device. The Scin moves the device aside, then extends one arm out showing the top of their hand.`
			choice
				`	(Extend your arm as well.)`
				`	(Do nothing.)`
					goto "images"
			action
				set "scin: gestures"

> 			`	Reaching with your right hand, the Scin leans forward and carefully examines it, then makes another note on their device. After writing down a few more things, they turn to you gesture strangely, crossing their arms together in a plus-shaped fashion towards their left. The other heavier-armored Scin move closer, escort you back to the elevator and back to your ship, but along the way are a few Scin you haven't seen yet. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-esque blade weapons.`

Reviewer 3: I'm not entirely sure if this is what you're going for, but the first clause should clarify who is doing the reaching.
```suggestion
			`	As you reach out with your right hand, the Scin leans forward and carefully examines it, then makes another note on their device. After writing down a few more things, they turn to you and gesture strangely, crossing their arms together in a plus-shaped fashion towards their left. The other heavier-armored Scin move closer and escort you back to the elevator and to your ship, but along the way, you notice a few Scin you haven't previously seen. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-like blade weapons.`
```

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "images"
			`	Turning the device back around, the Scin types some sort of note on it then clears the display. They then begin to draw some sort of picture with one of their fingers. The finished image appears to be a portrait of themselves. "Dueyu Scin," they speak in a low tone. Clearing the image, they draw something that looks like you, albeit a bit out of proportion, then await some sort of answer.`
			choice
				`	"Dueyu human..?"`
				`	"I am human."`
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto "silence"
			`	The Scin looks at you in what you guess to be fascination. They grab the device and draw yet another picture. After setting it down, you recognize the familiar image of a Gegno Vi Warrior.`
			choice
				`	"Gegno Vi?"`
				`	"Dueyu Vi?"`
			action
				set "scin: imagery"

> 			`	Looking at you a bit confused, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld, and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch. and a brown-colored patch. "Vie," the Scin says, pointing to the brown. "Sinn," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Looking at you a bit confused, they draw another portrait that looks like the shorter leather-wearing Gegno from their homeworld, and move that image together with the images of the Vi and the Scin. "Gegno," they say, and begin to think to themselves. A brief moment passes, and they begin drawing on the device again. After turning it back to you, you see both a green-colored patch and a brown-colored patch. "Vi," the Scin says, pointing to the brown. "Scin," they say, now pointing to the green. Afterwards, they point to the group of the three Gegno portraits. "Gegno."`
```
Are these misspellings intentional? Phonetic, maybe?

Author: Yes, they're intentional. Similar to how different languages are spelled/said differently between countries (Ingles, etc..).

> 			`	Once they mark down a few more notes, they lower their head, and the other Scin gesture you back to the elevator, activating it to lower you back to the surface. You're escorted back to your ship, and along the way are a few Scin you haven't seen yet. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-esque blade weapons.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Once they mark down a few more notes, they lower their head, and the other Scin usher you back to the elevator, activating it to lower you back to the surface. You're escorted back to your ship, and along the way are a few Scin you haven't seen yet. Their armor is much different than that of the others, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets, but what is most notable is their possession of sickle-like blade weapons.`
```
Soft suggestion

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "pistol"
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`	The situation you find yourself in is rather precarious - inside an alien species' vessel, strange devices, anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a blade around your neck. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, who you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	The situation you find yourself in is rather precarious - inside an alien species' vessel, strange devices - anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
```
Same feedback as above regarding timely use of "curved"

> 			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from you neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is curved like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to do so. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is curved like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```
Same feedback as above

				flee
			
			label "silence"

> 				`	The Scin stares at you for an uncomfortable length of time, then sighs. They reach into their armor and pull out a small firearm, raising it at you.`

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to describe the firearm, or is it extremely obvious to First Last that the device they are wielding is a firearm?

Author: I guess it depends. I'm sure enough human weapons have been made, or toys of them of various fashions, even strange and alien, would be enough to understand what a firearm looks like. If I wanted to explain it further it might be stretched too much, and if it was unclear, it wouldn't hold the same weight as simply saying it's a firearm for reaction purposes.

			choice
				`	(Reach for your firearm.)`
				`	(Raise your arms.)`
			action
				set "scin: provocative"

> 			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you notice is a blade around your neck. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then leaves the scene, heading deeper into the vessel. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, who you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`As soon as you attempt to move, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck. The Scin casually marks another note on their device, then leaves the scene, heading deeper into the vessel. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`
```
As above

> 			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from you neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is curved like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to do so. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. You board your ship in a hurry, preparing to take off. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```
As above

				flee

mission "Scin Intro Warships"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		or
			has "Giaru Gegno: Quarg Contact: offered"
			has "Giaru Gegno: Revisit: offered"
	npc
		to spawn
			not "scin: gestures"
			not "scin: provocative"
		government "Gegno Scin"
		personality launching uninterested
		system "Ilirco"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 2
	on enter
		fail

mission "Scin Intro Warships Hostile"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		or
			has "Giaru Gegno: Quarg Contact: offered"
			has "Giaru Gegno: Revisit: offered"
	npc
		to spawn
			not "scin: gestures"
			has "scin: provocative"
		government "Gegno Scin (Combative)"
		personality launching uninterested
		system "Ilirco"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 2
	on enter
		fail

# Unsure if necessary.
mission "Gegno Exploration Nudge"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Yiia Iyr"
	to offer
		has "Suspicious Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	to complete
		never
	on enter
		system
			near "Ilirco" 1 100
		fail
		conversation

> 			`	After leaving Ilirco, you recall that the map device showed markings for a few other planets throughout Gegno space as well. Perhaps there are other situations that you can encounter the Gegno in to try and find a way to learn more about them.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	After leaving Ilirco, you recall that the map device showed markings for a few other planets throughout Gegno space as well. Perhaps there are other circumstances where you can encounter the Gegno in order to try and find a way to learn more about them.`
```
Kind of soft... I'm sure there's an even better way to word this.

			`	Once you return to your ship, the Scin return to theirs, but remain on the planet. Although just as strange, this encounter went far better than the one with the Vi.`
				decline

			label "pistol"
			action
				set "scin: provocative"
			`	The situation you find yourself in is rather precarious - inside an alien species' vessel, strange devices - anything could happen next. You decide to reach for your pistol, but as soon as you do, the first thing you notice is a curved blade around your neck. Slowly turning your head, your eyes are met with the cold, expressionless look of yet another Scin's face, whom you haven't seen yet. They continue to hold the blade to your throat as they activate the elevator again, lowering you back to the surface. Their armor is considerably different from the rest, characterized by darker shades, sharper edges, and several gadgets.`

> 			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is curved like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you back to your ship, and along the way, several more Scin stand guard, wearing the same armor. Once you are at your ship, the blade is moved away from your neck. Getting a better look at it, the blade is shaped like a sickle, as opposed to a sword, meaning there was little chance you could have escaped being decapitated if they chose to use it. Boarding your ship in a hurry, you prepare to take off, and you notice the two Scin warships also begin to power up. It's clear you've overstayed your welcome.`
```
(for consistency)

			choice
				`	"I was worried they would attack me with their fleets!"`
				`	"I do not care."`
					goto care
			`	"Your concerns matter not when weighed against those of an entire species. As a result of such behavior, the Gegno have banded together to unite their fleets and deter any more presence from outsiders. It is a great shame. The time they would use to resolve their inner conflicts is now wasted upon hostility towards strangers due to your negligence. Leave Gegno space, for you no longer have reason to be here."`
				accept

			label "corroboration provocation homeworld"
			`Following your assault on the Gegno fleet, you still attempt to land on the Gegno homeworld, but a large number of hostile ships are already guarding the planet's surface. Suddenly, you receive an incoming hail, though not from the Gegno.`

> 			`	"It was incredibly unwise to fire upon guardians of the Gegno homeworld." The voice belongs to that of a Quarg, though it sounds quite displeased. "They simply are present to quell unease of your foreign involvement, yet you chose hostility with them above the most sacred of planets." A Quarg ship then appears from the horizon, quickly flying over to your ship as you receive another hail. "You shall find yourself no longer welcome in Gegno space, as well as at the end of our patience."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"It was incredibly unwise to fire upon guardians of the Gegno homeworld." The frigid voice belongs to that of a Quarg, though it sounds quite displeased. "They simply are present to quell unease of your foreign involvement, yet you chose hostility with them above the most sacred of planets." A Quarg ship then appears from the horizon, quickly flying over to your ship as you receive another hail. "You shall find yourself no longer welcome in Gegno space, as well as at the end of our patience."`
```

		"reputation: Gegno Scin" = -1000
		event "gegno: unified defense"
		conversation

> 			branch "corroboration provocation homeworld"
> 				or
> 					has "Gegno Anticipation: failed"
> 					has "Gegno Intervention: failed"
> 				has "flagship planet: Dueyu Eitch"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
```

			`	"It is greatly unlikely for violence upon unarmed victims to be accidental. Regardless of the cause, the effect has already occurred. The Gegno have banded together under one flag in an effort to deter any more outside interference. You are no longer welcome in their space, and you are advised not to visit again, lest the Gegno show you the same belligerent behavior you have exhibited to their citizens."`
				accept
			label "what"
			`	"Your behavior has caused the Gegno to unite their fleets and deter any more presence from outsiders. It is a great shame. The time they would use to resolve their inner conflicts is now wasted upon hostility towards strangers due to your negligence. You are no longer welcome in Gegno space, and if you dare visit again, the Gegno will demonstrate the same treatment you gave their citizens."`
				accept
			label "care"
			`	The Quarg makes an unpleasant sound - one you have not heard from any Quarg before. "Should you be seen in Gegno space once more, expect the same sentiment."`
				accept

> 			label "corroboration provocation"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			label "corroboration provocation"
			branch "corroboration provocation homeworld"
				has "flagship planet: Dueyu Eitch"
```

			label "care"
			`	The Quarg makes an unpleasant sound - one you have not heard from any Quarg before. "Should you be seen in Gegno space once more, expect the same sentiment."`
				accept

			label "corroboration provocation"
			`As soon as you land your ship, you suddenly receive an incoming hail. "It was incredibly unwise to fire upon guardians of the Gegno homeworld." The voice belongs to that of a Quarg, though it sounds quite displeased. "They simply were present to quell unease of your foreign involvement, yet you chose hostility above their most sacred of planets. You shall find yourself no longer welcome in Gegno space, as well as at the end of our patience."`
			choice
				`	"I was worried they would attack me with their fleets!"`
				`	"I do not care."`
					goto care

> 			`	"Your concerns matter not when weighed against those of an entire species. As a result of such behavior, the Gegno have banded together to unite their fleets and deter any more presence from outsiders. It is a great shame. The time they would use to resolve their inner conflicts is now wasted upon hostility towards strangers due to your naivety. Leave Gegno space, for you no longer have reason to be here."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Your concerns matter not when weighed against those of an entire species. As a result of such behavior, the Gegno have banded together to unite their fleets and deter any more presence from outsiders. It is a great shame. The time they would use to resolve their inner conflicts is now wasted upon hostility toward strangers due to your naïveté. Leave Gegno space, for you no longer have reason to be here."`
```

I'd prefer this spelling if we can use those characters - looks like this form and `naivete` are a bit more common in American English. But this is up to you; looks like any of the spellings is probably fine in this case. Just wanted to bring it to your attention.

Author: I think to avoid spelling and symbol confusion/problems, I'll change the word to "negligence" (which seems just as suitable).
